1.1] List the rooms that are occupied, along with the associated patient names and the date the patient was admitted.
1.2] List the rooms that are currently unoccupied.
1.3] List all rooms in the hospital along with patient names and admission dates for those that are occupied.
2.1] List all patients in the database, with full personal information.
2.2] List all patients currently admitted to the hospital. List only patient identification number and name.
2.3] List all patients who were discharged in a given date range. List only patient identification number and name.
2.4] List all patients who have been admitted within a given date range. List only patient identification number and name.
2.5] For a given patient, list all admissions to the hospital along with the diagnosis for each admission.
2.6] For a given patient, list all treatments that were administered. Group treatments by admissions. List admissions in descending chronological order, and list treatments in ascending chronological order within each admission.
2.7] List patients who were admitted to the hospital within 30 days of their last discharge date. For each patient list their patient identification number, name, diagnosis, and admitting doctor.
2.8] For each patient that has ever been admitted to the hospital, list their total number of admissions, average duration of each admission, longest span between admissions, shortest span between admissions, and average span between admissions.
3.1] List the diagnoses given to admitted patients, in descending order of occurrences. List diagnosis identification number, name, and total occurrences of each diagnosis.
3.2] List the diagnoses given to all (admitted and discharged) patients, in descending order of occurrences. List diagnosis identification number, name, and total occurrences of each diagnosis.
3.3] List the treatments performed at the hospital, in descending order of occurrences. List treatment identification number, name, and total number of occurrences of each treatment.
3.4] List the treatments performed on admitted patients, in descending order of occurrences. List treatment identification number, name, and total number of occurrences of each treatment.
3.5] List the top 5 most administered medications.
3.6] List the most common procedure administered at the hospital. Also, list all doctors that performed that procedure.
3.7] List the most recent procedure administered at the hospital. Also, list all doctors that performed that procedure.
3.8] List the diagnoses associated with the top 5 patients who have the highest occurrences of admissions to the hospital, in ascending order or correlation.
4.1] List all workers at the hospital, in ascending last name, first name order. For each worker, list their, name, and job category.
4.2] List the primary doctors of patients with a high admission rate (at least 4 admissions within a one-year time frame).
4.3] For a given doctor, list all associated diagnoses in descending order of occurrence. For eachdiagnosis, list the total number of occurrences for the given doctor.
4.4] For a given doctor, list all treatments that they ordered in descending order of occurrence. For each treatment, list the total number of occurrences for the given doctor.
4.5] List doctors who have been involved in the treatment of every admitted patient